FMT 1
Hello sir

How are you doing

I’m brian from birmingham uk and you?

Wow nice meeting you here

Well my sole intention of texting you sir is to introduce you to a fast paying and effective crypto and forex trading platform that i earn from daily

The name of the platform is called tradechainlttd sir

Ever heard of it?

Trade Chain LTD is a trading company in the Crypto and Forex market that gives Individuals and investors from all round the world, an opportunity to earn from the comfort of their home by investing on its investment Plans

The company offers various investment plans in which investors like you and me can choose from an earn

Would you like to see some of my earnings sir?

This are some of my earnings from tradechainlttd sir

With a minimum deposit of $100 you can earn 5% profit in 24 hours

But with a right capital of $1000 you can earn 6% profit in 4 trading days principal return of $1240

Are you interested sir?

(1) STP PLAN (One Time)
ROI: 5% after 24 Hours
Minimum $100
Duration: 24 hours 

(2) Standard Plan (4 days)

ROI: 6% daily
Duration: 4 days
$1000 minimum Invest

(3) Premium Plan
ROI: 11% after 65 Minutes
Duration 65 minutes / an Hour
Minimum $6000

(4) Prime Plan
Minimum $10000
ROI: 15% daily
Duration: 30 days

Yes “then send him referral link”

There is also a bonus created recently for all new investors like you, this bonus allows you earn 50% of your investment within 24 hours and the most beautiful part of it is that you can always request Withdrawal at any point in time.

This one go trigger them to invest


FMT 2

Hi

Hello

Yes how are you doing today 

I’m good
How are you?

I’m doing just fine

Who are you?

I’m Andre from Birmingham UK
Where are you from sir?

I’m so so and so from NYC.
Why did you contact me?

Well I am a crypto enthusiast and investor under a fast paying and effective crypto trading company that I earn from daily and I want to introduce it to you sir....that’s if you don’t mind


Ok go on


Well the name of the platform is trade chain Ltd..ever heard of it?

Not really 

Ok 
Trade chain Ltd is a trading company in the Crypto and Forex market that gives Individuals and investors from all round the world, an opportunity to earn from the comfort of their home by investing on its investment Plan

Basically they manage their investors account in which deposit is made( investment capital)in order to help you trade and generate profits.


Oh I see..
That’s nice
Explain more

Basically they have professional expert traders that manage investors account and help trade to generate good profit...
Traders trained with stringent risk management rules to turn loosing trades into wins so there’s absolutely no loss


I see 


You should know they have been managing my capitals for months now and I have been earning good 
Wanna see some of my earnings?


Yes sure


“Give am proofs”

Ok that’s really good
How do I know it’s not a scam?


Well I can totally relate with you on the scam issue as there are many mushroom projects all over the inter now flooding the crypto market...I too have fallen victim to these pyramid schemes in the past but I can assure you that trade chain Ltd is a 100% legitimate 


How secure is this platform and how do they pay?


Well they also offer a million dollars insurance to your invested funds at no extra costs so your capital is safe and secure .

Deposit and withdrawals are calculated in USD the deposit equivalent is made via bitcoin. The company’s traders takes the order and begins to trade to generate funds



Ok I understand 
How do I start?


To get started you first need to set up an investment account 
After that create a deposit and choose a plan
http://tradechainltd.com/?ref=brains

Ok good thanks.
Done
What is the minimum I can start with?


With a capital of $1000 you can earn 5% profit daily for 4 trading days



Ok good


Yes...you can reach out to their online telegram support for more information on the platform and more package plans

Wow nice meeting you here

Well my sole intention of chatting with you sir is to introduce you to a fast paying and effective crypto and forex trading platform that i earn from daily

The name of the platform is called tradechainlttd sir

I’m a crypto enthusiast and investor in an efficient and effective tradin company that I earn from daily or whenever I want.
I would like to introduce you to it if you don’t mind...?

(1) STP PLAN (One Time)
ROI: 5% after 32Hours
Minimum $500
Duration: 32 Hours

(2) Standard Plan (4 days)

ROI: 7% daily
Duration: 2 days
$1000 minimum Invest

(3) Premium Plan
ROI: 11% after 7 days
Minimum $6000
Duration 7 days

(4) Prime Plan
Minimum $10000
ROI: 15% daily
Duration: 12days

This is a fully secure and transparent investment system as trade chain Ltd is among the best trading company so far it’s the fastest paying growing and easiest company to work with.

This is a fully secure and transparent investment system as deposit and withdrawal is entirely controlled by you . You also have access to monitor trades going on live on your account real time.

Trade chain Ltd is a well-regulated and safe broker with optimal trading conditions,they offer market-leading, industry-standard brokerage service,with an opportunity to earn daily by investing on their plans.